Create RESTEasy Jackson codestart (#12494)
quarkusio/quarkus: independent-projects/tools/codestarts/README.adoc

Codestarts provide a personalized Quarkus getting started experience and really show the Quarkus breadth.
A Quarkus extension are able to provide one or more well defined codestarts which will contain the necessary resources and code examples required to get started using that particular extension.

> See the staging environment to get an understanding what new quickstarts are: https://stage.code.quarkus.io/[https://stage.code.quarkus.io/]

Reviewer: You can point to code.quarkus.io directly in the doc, I will promote staging to production later today..

> See the staging environment to get an understanding what new quickstarts are: https://stage.code.quarkus.io/[https://stage.code.quarkus.io/]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try generate a project with example code to get an understanding what new quickstarts are: https://code.quarkus.io/[https://code.quarkus.io/]
```
